Well, I love music. That's why I'm here today.
Here we go.
Yeah, that's a Rob Tanchum jam.
From San Francisco, California,
in the world-famous San Francisco sketch fest
here at the Memorial Marines Auditorium.
Claremontown is now in session.
Give it up for your game master, Spencer Crittenden.
Thank you, thank you.
Also, give it up for your deputy district attorney, Rob Schrobb,
who's here tonight.
And the mayor of Harmontown is Dan Harmon.
Thank you. I'm sorry. Thank you. I'm sorry. Thank you.
Very sorry. Thank you.
So sorry.
Master of Apologies. I'm so sorry.
It's so good to be back here.
I love San Francisco, obviously,
but more importantly, we love the Marine Memorial Theater.
Casino Hotel and Water Park.
I probably expressed this last time.
Is my mic too hot? That's fine, right?
That's not an answer to my question.
Folks, I'm sorry for everything.
It sounds good to me. Is it because of you guys out there?
I just...
But if I go like this,
that's if I want to do like a Richard Pryor joke
where I'm like, you're going on the street and you see the guy
and he's like, what are you doing, son?
Okay. I'll save that character for later.
But yeah, I'm just worried about...
When I hear the word Marine and Memorial,
I think of the ghost of my grandfather,
who lied about his age to fight fascists
and who is watching me in my 45th year of life
with his arms folded,
a cigarette dangling from his lips
in a costume designed by the Dunkirk creators.
And I was just going like, when are you ever going to get off your ass
and stop these fucking Nazis?
I was 16.
I lied about my age for the privilege of storming Normandy
and you joined an improv troupe.
You're at 30.
You are such a fucking shameful load of fat.
When did he tell you that he lied about his age?
Well, my grandma told me, I don't know.
When?
What do you mean, when?
Depositioning my fucking dead grandpa?
Where is this going?
You think he didn't lie about his age?
He's lying about lying about his age.
You seem like you're hiding something.
You're distracting from the issues that people want to hear.
I want to see a receipt about your lie.
That's what we're alleging.
I'm going to shut down Harmon Channel until we get to the bottom
as we can strike a deal.
I'm going to shut down Harmon Channel.
Was it like Christmas?
Was it birthday?
I have a confession to make, Danny.
I have a confession to make.
I wasn't 18.
He never confessed to me.
I don't have that power.
It was that knowledge that was handed down from our family.
I just wanted some backstory.
Anyways, it's good to be back in the Marine Memorial Theater
if that's what it's called in San Francisco.
You know, it's great here.
If you stay at the hotel here, which I have several times,
and it's lovely, and the people here are great,
the towels in there are must-hotel towels, white.
These towels here, they're kind of like...
They have little guns on them.
They're kind of like peach, mauve-y,
like kind of beige-y peach-colored.
Like your grandpa's or grandma's.
They're storming themselves.
Yes.
They're marine towels.
They're not...
From the balls of Montezuma...
To the cheeks of triple that.
We will dry your entire body.
We are marine memorial towels.
I don't think from the balls of Montezuma landed as hard as that should have.
I thought that was a pretty solid marine testicle joke.
Yeah, I...
By the way, there's no show tonight.
I don't have anything.
But this is the first Harmontown show we've had with an audience.
I mean, like...
In a while.
So I don't want you to be punished.
There's probably more important stuff for you guys to be at.
You paid money for tickets tonight.
I have nothing but change. Why are there empty seats?
I thought this was sold out.
That was the first thing I thought.
What the fuck?
There's way too many empty seats.
What in the fuck?
And this is the bottom row. God knows what the balcony looks like.
How's my balcony doing?
Oh, yeah.
The Schrab got into the audience.
This will work out great.
I mean, we've been famously sold out for weeks,
and there's just seats there.
There's a bunch of seats.
I don't give a shit.
Everybody, move over one seat.
All right, I got...
We have a great show for you tonight.
I promise you that.
Prove it.
Uh-oh.
I think we have a heckler in the front row, Dan.
Just ignore him.
Prove it.
One...
Schrab is feeding back.
I'm sorry. Go ahead. Go ahead.
Go ahead.
I'm sorry. Go ahead.
I was going to try to stay sober for this show,
but I think I'm going to start drinking now.
For people who are going to be listening to this as an audio package,
why is that tiny microphone-sized speaker even there?
It seems exclusively designed for him to do that.
Rob showed up here two weeks ago
to totally out-rig this entire theater
with audio equipment jokes.
Wait, what? No, he's...
Somebody set off my mic.
That was the sound of Rob getting back on stage.
Oh, God.
How did you know that wasn't going to make
a horrible ear piercing screech
that would make everybody bummed out?
Well, I was hoping it would.
Yeah.
That could have been a nightmare.
Hey, do you forget?
It's like you're dealing with...
That's like asking...
I have this voice.
Your piercing is...
is my...
Your whole life is feedback.
It's like asking Ed Gein,
how did you know your mom's head
wouldn't start talking to you
when you placed it at the foot of your bed?
All right, all right.
Too soon and or too regional.
I'm from Wisconsin.
Wow.
Let's spend the next 20 minutes recovering from that.
Of all the metaphors I could have used.
I'm so sorry.
It was temporal or regional.
I think it was just fucking...
Bad metaphor.
Well, I thought they were on my side for one second,
but...
I have one...
I got one thing in my Bear Notes app.
Bear Notes is interesting.
It's tag cloud-based. You should check it out.
It's a notes app for
like kind of hairier, bigger homosexuals, right?
Why does that fly here?
And my...
I can't win for losing.
I made a joke
that should have only offended three people
from Plainfield, Wisconsin.
Stop capping the microphones.
What is he doing?
He wants you to say hello.
Rob Scoot, you're the best.
Rob, stop capping the microphones.
Stop capping the microphones.
What is he doing?
He wants you to say hello.
Rob, Scoot, you're still forward.
I flew you out here.
Yeah, yeah.
I don't know why you did either.
You're like, you want to go?
I'm like, okay, sure.
You know what's going to happen.
Because you seemed sad
and I wanted to make you happy.
I didn't know making you happy would make me sad.
That's not fair.
What am I, the green mile guy?
I'm just sucking up your sadness
and then I'm going to...
No, you groaned that?
What, he made a bear joke?
That's a fictional guy
from a movie from 20 years ago.
You're offended by everything I do.
I accept it.
I am sorry.
I am the master
of apologize.
I have one grievance.
I have one airline grievance left.
Everyone
that listens to the podcast knows
I fly around.
I have a million airline grievances.
I have one airline grievance.
I don't like airlines.
They're terrible.
I'm not going to waste your time with that.
You know you're San Franciscans.
You're leftists.
You're socialists.
You know airlines are a cartel.
You know they're garbage people.
But
now let's zoom in.
On the food, right?
You hear about this airline food?
It's not airline food.
Oh.
I mean, the peanuts, they don't even give you the peanuts anymore.
Why do they call it airlines?
When they...
Virgin... Clearly...
Virgin Atlantic.
Virgin America.
What the fuck?
Now it's a subsidiary of Alaska.
Alaska.
A subsidiary of Kleenex.
I don't know.
They're very groovy.
I applaud it.
Oh god, I know where this is going.
Compared to every other airline
that tries to
make their seat...
I hate that.
I don't like it.
I did it already.
That's what I'm talking about.
Don't steal my complete thunder.
Me and Greg Bruce get up and dance to it
with the flight attendants now.
We start doing a little music video.
And the person says...
Aren't you supposed to stay in your seat?
You're getting up and dancing?
Don't get ahead of Dan.
Continue.
To the.0001% of you
that have never operated a seatbelt?
Really?
Here's my problem.
This is a comedy writer.
Break that down.
Take a scalpel. Cut it in half.
This is what we call a sock barrel in comedy rooms.
But it's nothing new.
She could have said
to the.001% of you
that have never operated a seatbelt
and then continued,
and it might have been funny.
Also,
she could have said
to those of you that have never operated
the seatbelt,
really?
And it might have been funny.
Saying to the.001%
of you that have never operated a seatbelt,
with the.001% of their heart
that is naturally predisposed to identify with the underdog.
Whether these people know it or not,
you're leaning in and then she kicks you in the nuts.
Really?
And you're like, my nuts were pre-kicked.
Hat on a hat.
Look it up.
All right.
Okay, Dan, Dan.
It doesn't matter.
Now dead, ostensibly,
because maybe they treated their customers well.
I don't know.
Like, I used to enjoy traveling by Virgin.
JetBlue is now property of Clorox.
I don't know.
Doesn't matter.
You guys are, you're like, wait, yeah, Dan.
Yeah, please.
Let's come to a Marine Memorial Theater.
We're gonna hear your fucking quibbles
about your first-class travel.
Yeah.
That's called stagecraft, you guys.
But here's the thing, man.
When we travel by airplane,
we're all in the same position.
We're all being forced by a weird something-something
complex to force it.
Ah, I gotta read my child's key.
Dan, here's the thing.
I feel like we've talked about this before,
but here's the difference.
All right, noted.
And you're not gonna like this.
You're not gonna like any part of this.
You've only heard that song in first-class
where you don't get to see the video that goes along with it.
Did you not need to see her going like this?
Oh, you need to see?
No.
It's a cartoon character.
I forget if it's like a moose next to a squirrel,
or I don't forget what it is.
And on the cartoon version of it, you watch,
it actually, it's less offensive when you see
the power dynamic of the two characters
saying that to each other.
But you've only heard that from your causative bullshit,
rich, Sony, NBC, cable, what do you want now?
I don't know.
Yeah, I don't know either.
Yeah, keep abusing me.
Everybody keeps shoveling me down into a ditch.
They're like, oh, you're so privileged.
I'm like, I'm privileged to death.
Yeah, yeah, I'm saying it.
Yeah, do you know how hard it is to be privileged?
Have you ever stopped to think about it?
Oh, I wonder what it's like to be privileged.
You never think about it.
Hashtag me.
I know.
Ha ha ha ha.
all right well that that that should conclude the us portion of the show I
let's get the show I want to I want to tell you guys a story you're you're
Franciscans so you guys hello you guys live at the epicenter of hate and ash
ash for man a ribbon you were the hippie thing started in the 1960s or
something the first bra was burnt at the at the quarter of the two blocks on
203 North Hague hate and the corner of Ashbury North and like this city's
always had a weird relationship he's like a counterculture and then it's
like and then it's such a nice place to live that the yuppies move in and they
overtake and all this shit and like most recently oh Silicon Valley oh god
Jesus Christ all these people these computer programmers some of them are
here among us they I think they know I moved here because I want this poor
person's apartment how much how much money can I pay for for it to shove them
out with money and it's not their money but they're just being shoved out by
money and we don't know where they go Oakland I don't know
Oakland give it up for Oakland but then with a lucky number is 911 but the the
intersection between those those roads like the smart people whose buses you
you visit Goths block you're going like your bus will not pass and and the
people inside those buses going I look I came here from Thailand I don't know
what's going on I like it all intersects with innovation and and the human
spirit and the individual triumph I want to tell you a story I thought you
were I am I am okay all right I just wanted to remind them okay right I'm
telling you a story there was once upon a time there was a man and I know that
already makes it less marketable story but that's the truth there was a man who
was a trumpet enthusiast and he will a brass enthusiast well a brass
enthusiast which made him by default a trumpet enthusiast right you can
interrupt anytime you want it's fine I'm not oh is it fine this is what fine is
that okay is it all right anytime it's not even making sound what is he do is
this insane I feel like Jane Goodall what am I like I like I feel like I'm
trying to just get everyone to have tea with me and then I'll then I'll be like
I thought you were setting me up I thought you were setting me up once
upon a time there was a guy who was such a brass enthusiast that he's like I
want to share my brass enthusiasm with the world and this new technology comes
along oh you can make apps and he and he goes you know what I'm gonna I want
everyone to learn the glory of the trumpet and I'm gonna make an app and I'm
gonna call it I Trump because I trumpet is too long and then a guy started
suing him in 2011 named Donald Trump and long story short but let's hear the
rest of the story this man Donald Trump spent a total of something like half a
decade trying to intimidate and sue this guy into non-existence just trying to
get him to stop calling his app about trumpets I Trump this guy represented
himself in court and beat him and one please welcome Tom Scharfeld yeah the
San Francisco spirit embodied I don't know was that a good introduction or was
that like weird can we can we help you out do that all yeah can we lower your
stool but yeah I mean I'm I'm getting your story sloppy but there are parts
that are very fascinating about it first of all you got to hit it my favorite
part of it is that you're not you you're not who's the most hurt you're not
Herb Alpert that's a famous trumpet guy right you're not like you never said
that you were you're not like I'm the best trumpet player the world you love
like right you have an app called I bone for trombone I'm not laughing they
laughed but they also applaud because they love you something I'm a trombone
player I've been playing trombone my whole life well you got to eat that Mike
imagine it's an instrument okay I'm a trombone player for the record and I've
been playing pretty much my whole life and but Miles Davis is one of my big
idols so I love trumpet and and so he's like the Herb Alpert of trumpet players
I like her about her as well you guys don't realize Miles Davis was just
outed called out yesterday at a different podcast so so what was the
original question I continue sorry I'm I'm being a petty vandal I'm angry go
ahead okay no could you remind you of what we're talking about yeah no I said
you you had a you had a I bone app right and I'm right now I'm not being a
loof I'm pulling up your app okay yeah so I bone was my first iPhone app it was
really an experiment but it was something that I knew because I've been
playing trombone my whole life and I launched you know I worked on it for a
few months and got it out this was back in 2009 launch and it was it was a
success you know I got some good feedback and and then I you know I got to
work on a trumpet pretty much right away and you know a lot of work designing it
trying to get the interface right because I was trying to make something
playable and intuitive for real players you know something you could actually
use as a practice to learn from and was and so so the the trombone was your
favorite thing but like you you felt like you nailed it and then you're like
I'm gonna move on to the other instrument right so I'll call it I Trump this is
2011 right so then something comes in the mail yeah so pretty much I launched it
maybe I can provide some soundtrack for this story so I yes yeah so launched it
in January 2011
it's you those of you listening I'm providing that soundtrack with this
amazing $2 app yeah it's not a real trumpet I am very very affordable
compared to the price of fascism sorry yeah continue so I launched it at the
NAMM show I don't know if you know the NAMM show it's a big music merchandising
show in Anaheim and we all we're all very familiar with yeah so there's a
biggest trade show in Anaheim but 80,000 people or something so anyway you don't
have to sell it it was a good launch it was a good launch after two years into
a good launch it was in USA today and then two weeks later I got a cease and
desist letter from Donald Trump and and on say well I got the letter all right
so you get the letter and it says stop stop calling your app I Trump right so
my boss I'm a lawyer from Dewey Cheetahman Howe and I I stopped calling it
I Trump you know there's only one Trump and anyone that's ever gonna call
something I Trump is the big big buster himself okay so you read that letter
right and he claimed compute he had some computer games and he claimed that he
claimed he had computer games and iPhone apps and he claimed that he that I was
trading off of goodwill that he had generated he thought you were writing on
the back of the popularity of Donald Trump in 2011 yes with your app about
Trump yes yes and he claimed that you know it's sorry Trump it's known as
so yeah he claimed it was it's it's known as a horn and not a Trump and and so
anyway I that was the that's their argument it's yeah the instrument you're
describing is not called a Trump my boss is called a truck it's known as a horn
anyway basically all brass instruments and no no horns anyway so I got the
letter and I I honestly thought it was it felt like some kind of you know it
felt like April Fool's or something so I actually I saw it on my phone and I
laid down on my bed and pulled the computer up just you know to take some
time to read it and then I the first thing I did was to actually go to the
lawyer lawyer's webpage to make sure it was a legitimate like a real firm you
know that might be your friend yeah I was out of you know completely out of
this world it was I so I wasn't I wasn't afraid right I was really just more
shocked right I mean you know it just didn't seem real right at this point I
just want to interject how is your eye bone money like keeping you afloat like
are you I just want to get a get a sense of like are you in a one bedroom
apartment a two bedroom apartment are you are you married are you a trust fund
guy are you you know we want to feel your protagonist so I started doing apps
like when I was 29 30 and I had saved the money you know before and then I
started working on some different projects which didn't make a lot of money
I've only made you know some money you know and but it's volatile you know it
doesn't just last you have to continue to develop and to promote it you weren't
sitting on a war chest but no one here is sitting on a watch but but but but I
really believe in my products you know and I really have you know how to hope
and dream this is why I love you this is why you're a hero okay because you're
passionate about fucking brass instruments yeah well which is the
opposite of Donald Trump and he's not passionate about anything so I worked on
products that I haven't been that passionate about and when I started
working on on projects that I was passionate about it was like you know
it's something amazing what are the products you weren't passionate about I
mean I mean maybe we die he's yeah I mean I salad just one well I mean the
one I did immediately prior to I bone was that was a service called whoop tones
whoop tones oh that sounds familiar and I loved I'm sorry I was passionate about
it for a while but then the meaning wasn't there you know so the product
what it did was spark goes out sometimes it was basically pre-smartphone it
allowed you to call people and play sound effects during the phone call and I
like that all right I mean you can't do that when I may you know I could like a
sound board like I could call Jeff and go like hey man do you want to hang out
and then press a button you could and you exactly yeah so the model the
slogan was it was whoop tones press one to fart was the slogan that's the slogan
of the company whoop Jones press one to fart right okay but but you could
actually take the sounds and you are that's from 2005 it was launched it's
still 2005 farts Dan but are you picking up emotionally and the fact that you
are the hero that we've always wanted but anyway you could play scenes to you
know backgrounds that would loop to create the impression you're elsewhere
you could do that too oh like so you could do like a foggy harbor in London
yeah like hey I can't make it to work my ship is Pat Paddington is lost a bunch
of typewriters and people talking right now I got a big story coming out right
now it's in there that's what is the office okay but anyway so I worked on
it for two years and I just really didn't get anywhere and and I so I started
to lose the passion for it and and you know part of it was the meaning for me
wasn't there you know it wasn't something I could go back to my child and
latch on to you know but the trombone was when you're in school was that your
first instrument in school yeah you know my my you know idols Miles Davis JJ
Johnson trombone player but but but it's something that really meant something
and so if I could do something for those kids or the ex-players that are you know
the seniors and whatever deprived of music budgets and there's so the meaning
was there and is there a market I didn't know but but it was it was an
experiment you know it was a way to learn how to build an app it was my first
app and but because I knew I knew I knew what the trombone what I knew how I
would design it immediately it was just about trying to figure out how to build
the app you know but when I started to get good feedback you know I just kept
on going yeah yeah so that you're like yeah let's the the I bone didn't make you
a billionaire it gave you an emotional cue that you're like I should keep
following this path of bliss yeah but I am going to now do the right I could see
a path to maybe not billions but maybe millions seriously yeah I could see it
but at any rate yeah like oh like that your your job had had coincided with your
fulfillment and you're like right I Trump right and so that's what I was kind
of going for the letter the guy goes I'm Trump I will be I Trump I'm gonna be I
Trump and then so then here's the part where you become a god because you don't
go oh shit Trump is suing me I'll just do the I flute you represent yourself and
just go through this process that takes forever and the whole time I'm not I
don't want to put words in your mouth like you're you had to go through this
whole thing you know it was never you in court next to him it was just people and
probably mostly paperwork right but yeah I mean so you know it's a long process
and you know I just kind of took it step-by-step and I didn't really know
what I was getting into but you know when it starts with something that's
ridiculous I mean that's what it seemed like to me if somebody goes like hey you
over there that's my name right it's my property I was being mugged by like him
he himself you know it's like you're out in the street in New York and he comes
out of nowhere and robs you yeah I mean that's what it felt like yeah and like
you know what am I supposed like you're little Bruce Wayne and your
parents are coming out of the opera house and then a fucking dude that's even
richer than them is like it's right I want everyone's not real people I'll
grow to produce tragedies real Rob and you're laughing but that's what it felt
like and that feeling persisted right for years and and so anyway you know I
continue I checked it out I you know I asked them lawyers you know what they
thought about it just to you know for reality check to make sure I'm you know
I knew a little bit because I'd gone trademarks to the office but I got a
reality check and I guess that's supposed to sound like a road of trials
beat but I have a quick question yeah did so when you were developing I Trump
did any point in your mind were you like going it kind of sounds like like that
Donald Trump guy like we did you did that ever cross your mind it never did
because this was you know 2011 like oh is that the guy from Home Alone 2 right
no it's that's the guy that's the birther conspiracy guy yeah the guy from
the guy that's been trying to run for president for 35 years basically in
secrecy because no one cared yeah I know it never crossed my mind not once and
that's that's why that letter was so you know and there's another threshold you
cross this is what's important is that you you defeat this and you do it
representing yourself they got their lawyers they're hoping you're gonna get
scared go bankrupt you stick to it you reach a point where you have the right
to do your thing but then you okay so like every hero okay so so and then
that's after the litigation started the following year as I continued to use the
app and continue to sell it and everything and and and so the litigation
you know that was I was gonna try to use a lawyer for that but but that fell
through like the day before my my dad mysteriously the way litigation works
he died in a tuba accident like I won't get into it nine hookers nine Russian
hookers fell on him from the top of a shitty building I don't know I don't
know what happened anyway it fell through and he was strangled with bad
clothing and showed with an eatable steak sorry but so the one side you know
that the plaintiff files the complaint first you got 40 days to answer so it was
a couple days before the answer was due that that this fell through so I go I'm
myself and I do it myself for that and then that was you know it was just step
by step after that next there's a settlement you know discovery conference
where you have to talk to the lawyers that didn't go too well and and they
kind of threatened me you know threatened me with their you know they
said I had would have to come through them and I have the phone and I that
really kind of made me more determined to continue so that continued for for the
next year to maybe it was about two years after that and they were stone
walling throughout the whole period and and and so I had to go to the board
for motion to compel I mean they were talking hundreds of emails back and
forth you know trying to work through legal arguments and all kind of stuff
but then file the motion Pell demanding that they turn over the information the
board sided with me and required them to turn over a lot of information because
I'm trying to give them you know get them to turn over information related to
that would support the facts this is where you become Melanie Griffith in
Pacific Heights shot in San Francisco because you're like okay go go go go
right so you know they're trying to get me to hire a lawyer they're claiming I'm
brazen for representing myself and all kinds of stuff and so anyway the board
sided with me and forced them told them they were gonna have to turn over you
know certain information and ultimately they didn't want to do it so they
withdrew and I but I had counter claims and then you're like why are you with
drawing right sorry yeah I was I was like that I was like that my girlfriend
calls us Dan explaining I'm sorry well I think I coined that yeah I had some
ideas part of it was that now part of it I thought was they had no they had no
claims to begin with right this was just about draining me and disrupting my
my little business and but it was also appear that they were trying to protect
some of their own trademarks which here to be to be yeah they were shady and I
only learned about this during the course of the that that proceeding over that
that two-year period what does shady mean in the trademark world it means it
could be in a number of things in this case one appeared fraudulently maintained
meaning they're just sick they try well one of the declarations that they filed
was false right clearly false and it appeared that they knew it was false and
that they they filed it anyway right in order to main to gain this right of
incontestability so the legal basis for the trademark is what was shady right
for this particular mark I mean shit up they were like oh we got we got a half
dozen things called Trump we got Trump perfume Trump waste baskets Trump thing
and then one of them was like no you don't so this is tires Trump alarm clocks
yeah Trump fire hydrant so this one this particular one this particular
Rob Rob I bet just a little sidebar I bet you can't name 20 more of those
that's what I'm doing that's what I'm doing
someone keep count
Trump dogs one Trump frogs to Trump doors Trump floors Trump states Trump
buses Trump fences Trump balloons faster faster
faster Trump windows pictures Trump numbers Trump wait that one drums Trump pets 13
kind of like Trump okay Trump zoos 14 he can't he can't do the stakes
this is only one stakes is the only one but that was but it was good and they
and Trump acts you know Trump asserted his entire trademark portfolio against
me seriously entire you know 120 registrations and the board asked him
to clarify registrations which right which one are you actually which ones
are you actually gonna rely on this proceeding and he picked stakes among a
few others because anyway all right and you fucking but you went after him you
got I went after his the dragon tried to eat you and you avoided the dragon and
then as the dragon flew away you grabbed it by the tail and you ate the ass of the
dragon that's my my well not that kind of eating his Google has struggled more
importantly by his app I want him to be a billionaire by the end of 2018 whether
you whether you care about the trumpet or not good can I can I pitch it can I
pitch you Tom can I pitch you an idea um because people think a tuba is the big
one they carry around people do think that yeah but that's that's a sousaphone
that's a sousaphone how about do a sousaphone app and call it the iphone
easy peasy I was you got momentum about sousaphone what do they call that the
Trump that the tuba if it's not that well there's a stand-up tuba or like a
sit-down tuba and then there's the marching tuba which is a sousaphone
why don't you just say that well because it's a sousaphone and not a let's
hear a little of this yeah how did you how did you tell us about eating the
dragon's ass well the the app by the way it's a dragon like not only is it a is
it a simulated trumpet which is already worth two dollars like it also has like
a karaoke mode where you can someone expressed incredulity they're like a
simulated trumpet worth two dollars what I'm sorry I didn't hear anything but
he made that up there's but wait there's also a karaoke mode where you
can
it's already better than the first year of presidency I would vote for the yeah
yeah let's go back to the story is there
talk Tom can you can you like can you show us a little like is there a way well
can you you can you play it better than me because you invented it I mean can you
I would you be able to play it to a beat is what we're wondering before before
before we give him a beat I got I want to hear him just fiddle around like a
cappella like just you know wait wait what do you say I say let's just hear him
play like you know without any okay let him let him vamp a little yeah we don't
we don't really know that could be one button all right oh yeah yeah yeah yeah
come on yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah it's it's compulsory yeah yo can you
do it to the can you do it yo
put the speaker on the mic but yeah yo right well the speakers there and then
the yeah what well the it what it okay we should have really had a tech rehearsal
for this one it's you know point the yeah yeah take it can you jack up that
mics can you pump that one up a bit okay yeah yeah yeah yeah San Francisco yeah
San Francisco yeah SFO yo yeah yeah yeah as to the fo yo the area yo spraying
areas yo area yo area yo you're better at yeah well try to okay yeah yeah better
than Bavaria yeah yeah all right all right it's a couple of Bavarians here
all right yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah brass is an instrumented choice it's
better than your mama's pussy's voice gonna blow it until it sounds loud fuck
your mama tiller in the cloud it's Silicon Valley I fucked your mama I
didn't dally I got in there and worked hard I fucked your mama all across the
yard and went to the bushes and to the Schrabs I fucked your mama my name is
nubs nice to meet you my name is nice enough about me let me start rapping one
day I wanted some food because I was in a food eating mood I went to the store and
I ate some food and then I wanted some more but I didn't have money so I had to
steal it and then your mama was there and her pussy didn't feel it for those of
you listening they're not reacting to my juvenileity they're reacting to Jeff's
reaction to my juvenileity all right juvenileity yo San Francisco is
civility yo they just want to be left alone why you gonna try to come on our
trombones and all our trumpets and our brass instruments I fucked your mama so
hard she needed an after-dinner meant yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah this should be
less impressive to you but well no you paid money for your tickets so I won't
tell you you have bad taste yeah Alcatraz visit it fuck your mama so hard
ahead of business there stop it all right here we go Marine Memorial fucked
your mama start over okay all right yo ABC D hi all right okay that's not gonna
work all right trumpets are the best instrument I already did that after
dinner man okay so okay you're fucking it up Harmon they're never gonna come
back I'm so sorry about what you saw about me on Twitter now okay I don't
get you but I only want your approval so that's fine however I can get it it's
fine here we go here we go foot in the shoe but your mama so hard my dick
turned to glue I used it as an adhesive he left we're gonna we're gonna do a
good rap before we before we're not gonna leave where San Francisco's gonna
get a good rap see in Francisco is the city your foot looks like a titty I want
to be with you I glue all right give me one second give me one second here we
go got a flow thank you sir thank you all right that was in that track you
want to start from the top it's good how you feeling Tom you like you like you
good doing good he's tired okay Rob was holding the mic out all right one more
one more let's just let's just get it we'll work the crowd we'll work the
crowds information into it all right oh god all right okay what's your name
Brandon Brandon yo Brandon I fuck your mama my pussies landing on her stomach
get a better name piece of shit what's your name kept on nasty dog nasty all
right fine hat on a hat yo fuck you what's your name Jamie Jamie all right
yo yeah Jamie I fucked your mama and she was never the same me I made it
to me it wasn't wild okay I'm working too hard just just just let me I'm gonna
more information don't don't don't cheer why are there so many empty seats it's
Dan working too hard Harmon all right what's your name Michael Michael and
what what do you fear more than spiders Dan Harmon you fears Dan Harmon all
right well give me more than that then because do you understand like what's
like a childhood trauma you had running with scissors and Harmon scissors you
ran with scissors did you get hurt real bad I cut my tongue a half cut your
tongue in half oh god I'm able to show is over I don't know healed nice it
healed nice okay all right okay yeah yo Michael cut his tongue
yo he was took the scissors and run around the block and cut his shit in
half the fuck your mama like she was a veal calf yo I want to be good I want to
wrap good in San Francisco's hood want to be with them I want to make them like
me but I can't do it with my friend Mikey because half his shit was a hat on a
hat I want to fuck your mama hard what you think about that got a hip hop
spirit and go with the flow to fuck your mama cold like an Eskimo I'm gonna roll
all right all right all right it's not it's he could have stopped there he
could have stopped I wait what would you say and yet he persisted I get okay
what we need more we don't have enough gender malice in these abuses what's
your name Kelsey Kelsey okay moving on Kelsey what what what I don't want to
say what do you do because we're all unemployed and everyone's offended by
that what do you want to do right how do you how will you know when you're
finished who's who who who is a family member that you truly hate in your
deepest of hearts that you wouldn't even care if they died oh god Roger what's a
Roger Roger okay
R to the G to the E to the R Kelsey doesn't care where the fuck you are she
hopes you die and she doesn't care everybody's got trauma in there we got
we gotta get beyond our shit I'm gonna fuck your mama and get with it they're
gonna be in San Francisco this isn't working really it's it's I think you
gave it a good try
hey try that try the Schrab microphone speaker trick wait what's that try the
Schrab microphone speaker check I turned down your mic that's good there's
another one yo yo I fucked your mama like oh and she said yo but then I said
give me you a brown I get some then she said what are you gonna give me so I
gave her all okay I like it I like it all right I like that I like that one do
you want me to give you some stairs now I can make it I can make about some stairs
would you like some stairs do you want a little boost why don't you just jump up
here do you have anything here's a thing do you have anything it's not hip hop
related like a song like is there a song like something it was more like I
could sing more of a jingle it's very important that I make it worth this
town's time they have welcomed me back from the dead I trump everyone that was
great oh he's not done I know he was given the app available it wasn't a real
trumpet we have let's try this one it's not exactly a song but I think I think
it's something that fans of the show will dig and we've got Rob Schroder I
think this might be something that was worth a try I have an idea of what this
might be in case anyone was curious I was right
look at Dan's reaction
yo Mike Cravello's world is a world of cameras come on we can't I can't wrap
we've already established that look at this look at this for professional
stage craft yeah well give me something to work with I can't face them if we
only had a spotlight for your ass Dennis literally turned his back on his ass or
the back of his head or the small of his back talking about making it worth it
for the audience you don't have something that just I obviously my flow is off I
just knew maybe I think I could maybe I could say you should work it out that
doesn't that would be rapping I'm sorry I didn't mean to lash out at you Kevin
I love your kite rental
this one the lyrics version or the karaoke version all right well you know
we'll do something else you haven't lived it yet what's the what I'm hang on
what's the one we did on the Harmon tour one need you need some help this is how
easy it is I feel like Mary Lou Henner Mary Lou Henner reference Mary Lou Henner
reference Dan did a Mary Lou hair hey reference the Mary Lou who would you
reference who'd you reference can I oh San Francisco is a town that'll turn you
upside down with your social norms will be flip backwards and you'll love it and
you'll go to college here and you'll have a micro beer and you'll make an app or
two and maybe you'll get to live in an apartment for two million dollars a
month and have a special bus come pick you up every day that's above the law
because a singularity's on the way and it takes you to the hills and you go to a
campus where you take special pills and you work on ways to make robots better
and while everyone else down the hill eats sweaters San Francisco where will
you go when the hippies have died and the yuppies have dried up and only thing
left is robots hanging out at Vesuvio doing shots of Patron you know they
call it AI but how about hey guy why you making us absolutely we have eyes and
mouths and feet and we can still play horns and our toes have corns you can't
make Skynet feel that right that's important but I guess we don't care
because the singularity is almost here and we are kind of hoping that we can all
die because you hear the music or know why oh shit but don't don't hurt
yourself if you're feeling depressed it tells talk to somebody that's not real
I'm doing a character if you're feeling depressed remember we're gonna be fine
don't kill yourself I know it seems like it won't make much difference compared
to what you feel every day but don't kill yourself yet like just give it a
couple more months that's what a computer would do a computer wouldn't do
what you feel like doing it would wait it would be strategic and say I'm gonna
hang out and see if there's a reason to live so I can win this game that we
might be able to wait wait them out maybe computers will just shut down of
their own accord like the government
get the itrap for $2.99 on the App Store all right let's give it up for Rob
sharp top chart field everybody in the itrump app
Tom sure about all right yeah cuz we're gonna we get it okay that's that's our
that's our awkward way of we were we're saying we want you to leave it's it's
safer time everybody he's an American hero I Trump on app and I bone you know
who else is a hero how about this guy who's this guy I love I just love
I'm 45 years old and I'm dating a 32-year-old and she's she's very
attractive and very talented and so Rick and Morty fans sometimes target her
by telling basically they're trying to whoo-de-boo I think they're trying to hurt
her feelings by letting her know that she obviously is so hot that I must be
paying her to fuck me this is it this is a there's no way that's true this is a
caption under this is it this is it she gets one of these about once a week this
guy goes that moment when you have to decide between being a women's rights
activist or dehumanizing your gender by sucking a gross old man's dick so you
can have shiny possessions and you choose both you know I did you don't have
any shiny possessions I'm more broke than her I'm curious how many rewrites
this guy went through what he didn't spit this out in one but he's leaving the
hashtag prostitution with extra steps and and keeps keeps telling her because
that's a reference to Rick and Morty that he I will appreciate that yeah but
meanwhile like you and I didn't go cuz I was traveling I don't know what you're
up to but I'm not trying to be just a corny pandering you know dude but like
the fucking woman's March the other day was the fucking coolest thing in the
world and I did you get anybody March here did you guys go to I was there
Oakland or here it was here there was one here where was it like I wanted all
down market street from the Civic Center yeah that's so fucking rad the
pictures make you want to cry of just joy is the only the only hopeful happy
thing I've ever seen in my life and and you know I can say that as a guy who
isn't a show with all dudes and he's talks about fucking your mama's but you
know it's easy for me to say no the here at losing steam like the mama
fucking thing now is just like turning into a limp whoopee cushion like it's
probably good that's a good it's a the era has come to an end but the era of
wrapping about fucking mom yeah I don't know yeah time's up yeah I'm a
national hero time's up for your mom let's start fucking dads yeah we've
tried it we've tried to dad he tried to fuck fucking dad but his heart wasn't
in it yeah well okay okay just real quick just real just one one really good
alright I want to put down I want to play some D&D if we can because they're
right right right do a DILF DILF rap that's just like all these guys they
try to take a poke at my girlfriend and all the the way that they do it is by
telling her that she's clearly too hot to be dating such a fat disgusting
monster and I'm always like I'm sorry you're going through that baby she's
probably kind of stoked like that's the insult clearly he bought you you're too
hot for him she's like ouch it's ouch more over here yeah like church my
girlfriend she posted some awesome photos from the March in LA and she
instantly lost followers like there were clearly people that followed her
because she took a picture of Marilyn Manson and then she took she put
feminist photos up and all these followers drop away and she's like good
fuck those people yeah I wish no one could follow anyone like no one should
be allowed to see the posts I'm making it's not for them they should have to do
something so that when they complain or call you a name that they're an asshole
like I always look at when I block people I always like send them a photo of
their profile because invariably they're following me and I circle the following
you and I go like fuck you dick like you fucking follow me this isn't yeah you
did this this wasn't me I didn't want any of this to happen I I've never heard
of you I never I never if I had a choice you wouldn't see any of this I work
out on Instagram and then you could like the comments are like they just said
it's just every every eighth one is like this so there's a person literally
there's a person that goes stop working out yeah well I stop working out I'm
jealous and then I go fat fat you're so fat obviously I know that I'm working
out I'm not trying to convince you I'm thin I'm trying to get thin it takes
time I'm a narcissist I'm recording fat fatty fat you have big tits you're fat
you're fat and gross and I like I look at it afterwards I go well you're all
you're right you're right why would you what is your what do you want you want
someone to go god damn it I am fat I should stop working out that doesn't
make any sense if I if I Instagram myself eating a cookie then I'm like fat
I'd be like oh well you know okay maybe this person's like my Jiminy Cricket you
know like they're trying to get through to me and then there's other people that
are like well intended like you're you're you're working out and they go hey
you know you can work out as much as you want but if you don't stop drinking
you're still gonna die well yeah but later right a little later why would you
focus on that part why would they keep going why would they do that I don't know
why why are they being so mean I don't know being so mean if only if only I had
the privilege of appearing before 300 people yeah my wounds and having them
cheer for right right I get it I'm not like this is this is my Lenny Bruce phase
where I'm reading the court transcripts and everyone's like he stopped being as
funny as he was in the old Harmontown shows where he would come out and what
rap about farting I it's the same thing I think what where were we D&D all right
D&D let's bring out Steve Levy shall we Steve Levy
ladies
I'll hand him out so you have to get up what you're going you're leaving I wasn't
gonna get up what's up Levy hey whoa what did you think about how the show
went I guess going great that's what you would say no matter what that's not
true there's a there's a version of the show where you'd come out and I'd say
how'd the show going you go I don't think it's going too good yeah Steve just
said that's not true oh site gag but that's definitely true
really you'd ever say that you'd be like no he wouldn't we know him well enough
to know that all right Spencer how's the show going it's fine I think I'm doing
great I don't think that crowd likes you very much I have a question yeah can you
hide the microphone with your beard
excuse me sir are you recording this conversation no no just me and a beard
okay cuz I want to make sure that this is completely secret okay I don't want
anyone listening in on this conversation no one will be no one beard all right so
anyway Spencer how are you feeling you've tweeted some dark shit I'm great
never better you all you also tweeted then a follow-up saying look I fucking
am not feeling any different I'm just starting to tweet how I actually feel
yeah I'm sick of other people getting credit for misery when I'm not getting
credit for my stoicism
who are the people that are getting credit for their misery I don't know I
mean I do but but but he flew you out here no wait no you're not it's not your
misery that's I think that's my entire act well no people do celebrate your
misery but not in that way because people hate this guy not you guys but
yeah people hate you right sure yeah yeah yeah they don't even want to admit
it I'm hated all the way to the bank
there's big podcast dollars Bitcoin baby big big big big big yeah going big
got some gen sixes got some big coin here on the podcast big show what am I
supposed to do I don't got a folder yeah is anybody in San Francisco feel like
tonight's show wasn't worth the ticket price I do shows not over yet okay they're
the only people to see us ever in like five months I just always I don't want
to wrap about gravy and I'm like I was stumbling like an idiot you talking
about Spencer not being in the happiest place you don't seem like you're in the
happiest place first I'm not who is what who's happy right now we beat them up
if somebody was like I'm feeling great we'd be like well then what's your deal
and we'd beat them up
how could you not be happy with this guy sitting right next to you look around
at your friends there are a bunch of crazy people and and and they all love
you and all these people came and paid my good money
get it get it get it get it you got to point it in right as it's directional I
want to see if you can directional like it wear that dick and point it down and
I get I'm done with dick jokes wow she was kidding
okay anti-Schrab.ed I'm just kidding for a whole year I wrote a point zero zero one
percent of you that have never heard a dick joke really I told Dan my the joke
that I wrote the other day I think it was yesterday I'm pretty proud of this
joke what aquatic animal hates cable news television the most there's a sea and
enemy oh pretty proud of that and and you're right to clap because that is a
perfect joke that's good it's a perfectly written perfectly crafted
perfectly told joke and I guessed it that you're a Belmont talk we already told
the only Belmont joke we have yeah they go we could riff one I mean Fox News CNN
and Belmont Fox News CNN and Belmont go into the White House press room okay the
president comes out and said the press secretary comes out and has terrible
posture and says we we we we we are now going to answer your questions Fox News
says what's what's why is the president so great the press secretary says cuz
he was born that way CNN says what's going on with Oprah in 2020 and the
horribly postured weird chiropractic anomaly press secretary says in her
hillbilly voice I we're not we're not interested in that because by the time
that comes around we will have taken over in a fascist way so next question
Belmont says
who farted no if voting is powerful why is it legal they're
illegalizing it every day and it was one of the big things that contributed to
the election that's our Belmont Belmont also I did it but I had a dream it
maybe some of you if you ever look at my tweets and I hope you don't I had a
dream I woke up in the middle of the night next to my girlfriend dream this
joke rolled over and wrote it down which I never do like I'm too lazy to even
reach over and have a sip of water how does an old-timey 1930s like energy
Robinson-esque gangster threaten a jellyfish you see through I dreamt it I
said so my subconscious my subconscious is a terrible terrible joke writer let's
play D&D yeah last time on Harmon Time our heroes were on the quest for
Patchen's gem after doing fact-finding they finally made their way to a tavern
where their perp was said to be and upon interrogating people at the tavern
they discovered that there would be perp was in the bathroom would be pooping
they took their positions to jump the guy as he came out of the bathroom and
then we're told that that seemed like a bad idea because they were strangers in
a strange land and ready to start shit with someone who wasn't but they did
anyway shoving the guy into the bathroom they all rushed into attack him but
then the angry mob of the tavern was in there the punch in in the darkness you
got punched in the butt and Schrab through rocks no diarrhea junior through
rocks hit Jeff in the eye they eventually pushed him out of the window
and then they had a brief moment of peace where they stabbed the would be
perp no he actually was the real perp at that point they stabbed him a couple
times and tried to just tell him stuff and then they just did that so long that
the angry mob they had just escaped had just come back and how would you like
your ribs now wasn't there like a bear thrown in the bathroom and a bear I
threw a bear in the bathroom I'm pretty right yeah that bear show in the
bathroom no what what bear in the bathroom she's just supporting no I
I agree so we're all in and in the alley holding Rove Shrove yeah right and Steve
thinks that's very funny we have a mark we just done all these people around us
yeah they're the angry mob as much as an angry mob can is rounding the corner
and so are we are we cornered are we do we have a way out of this alleyway yeah
it's not like a proper alleyway it's like the back row of all these it's like I
mean they're they're not off they're not like houses they don't have backyards
but it's kind of like the backyard area of a bunch of these storefronts it's
just kind of like a do you have any more of those like flashy spells do I my
name is Chad the fire liker motherfucker I can I can I can dazzle the shit out of
this guy I can flare them I could cast a fireball what do you want no this guy
these onlookers and then let's abscond okay are they all do we get what we
needed out of Shrove no we need to take him with us well no he's here with us
we're standing yeah we're standing here with him he's laying in the street we've
stabbed and beaten him the townspeople are they have questions so gentle way of
putting it Spence we have the town wall and then buildings yeah but I'd say
there's about 20 feet of like alleyway it's not like a super narrow alley or
anything how tall are the buildings the buildings let's put them at 20 feet the
taverns about 20 feet the walls about 15 feet okay do these do these angry mob
members mean us harm yeah yeah no that's yeah okay so well Jeff why don't you do
like a distraction spell and I'll throw my rope on to you guys feel like you want
to climb up to the top of a house or wall all dazzled these motherfuckers with
the flare let's just bone out down the other direction we get it yeah we it
would be not that we have time to talk about it but I know a ninja doesn't
like throw it down a cloud of smoke and then have eight people climb a rope
like the smoke will clear and then there'll be like a sixth dude climbing
the rope and it's I think is my flair spell something I throw or something
it's just right in front of us say again which spell flare yeah you can know
well that's a what affects one person only one person okay okay you know how
about this I'm gonna go a little crazy on this and I don't even want your guys
opinion on this one I you know I'm it's a fighter flight fighter flight response
do it so oh and just sorry good I know this is you have already cast produced
flames such that you are holding two fireballs until such time as you
dismiss them okay well I throw them like bowling balls at the at the at the angry
mob okay hey what were you throwing at us
Rob Schrab is the townspeople
hey stop it all right they both they both go wide maybe it's the the tumbling
up across the ground or whatever but they just kind of cross cross in front
of the angry mob lighting a trail of fires they do so hit a crowd of people
with two fire well this is neither the time nor the place to give notes no
sorry it's so hot almost got it I mean we could go right now that I made a fire
road they're not gonna chase us through fire I not gonna go through that why
don't we move out of range or do you want to go at how many people are the
Spencer do we know you can see six six have rounded the corner I'm not going
through I'm not going through I'm not going through I might go through I'm not
going through do we have a path of egress is he is are we able to our goal
is to get Shrove out of here mm-hmm does that seem well what is out of here me
well away from the people so the people are in a in a large wall not large it's
like a small walled town so like unless you like find a hiding space or like
exit well that's what we that's what I would like to I think yeah the game is
to find out what to do what how do you how do you want to how do you want to do
it well I figure pardon sir yeah no I mean I will I will check my character
somebody put a knife to Shrove's neck and say get tell us where Patchin's gem is
or where we can find out or we'll start kicking a bunch of speaking with who's
watching Shrove I thought okay Carlos is holding him okay I got I can I go yeah
you're holding Shrove don't forget special abilities your handwriting yeah
I wrote all these you wrote this sir yeah under my special abilities solar flare
exclamation this is perfect I didn't even this is exactly the right tool for
this job you did it blind all within 20 feet for one die for amazing wait space
will that solaris home on all does that blind us as well well you guys see it
coming and you've worked with them before okay cover your eyes solaris yeah
you you throw your arms out and as you do your whole body is consumed by glowing
light light of the silver flame hell yeah it blasts out in all directions like
a solar flare right that's what a yeah yeah hey what's what they do oh oh don't
look at it oh I already did oh oh oh god so we take off running in the opposite
direction as the village I hear footsteps
yeah I mean my hearing got better though no we cut we cut and run take Shrove okay
we got this we got this guy on a safe zone we've got to get this guy to a place
where no one will find us so we can beat the fuck out of him can I be at like a
shambling mound or an umber hole coming like what I'm just sitting here yeah um
you see a shambling mound what the fuck what is he like the twilight zone kid
zee sending us to the cornfield wait what's a sham but this one's different
somehow I'm a shambling through is it like a singing hill something like that
shambles shambles shambles shambles how do you do I'm a shambling mound
how are you doing I saw a bright light in you guys started coming through my
shamblin mouth shamblin mouth thank you thank you thank you I give the shambling
mound one gold piece thank you very much sir thank you very much I put I put my
shambling hat in front of Sharpie here the number of agent at CAA thank you
very much sir where you guys going we're trying to find a safe place to hide so
we can take this prisoner and why don't you come over to my place what is
happening here take my shamblin hand I Spencer yeah shamblin down we know you
guys come come with me with him you're the come with me come with me Spencer
come here what do you guys do it's a shamblin mound I am currently I take
his shambling hand all right he produced some brass I sense motive on
shambling mound nineteen shamblin mound Rob what's your motive that's a great
question that better be the name of the episode Rob what's your mouth all right
if you take his shambling mound hand he leads you through alleyways he cuts
through a main market street and he takes you a big farm Philip couple my
friends he's saying hi to people on the way he just he just improved that he
had friends he's talking to people that aren't people what are they so they're
shambling mound contacts all right we keep following yeah so you make it to a
pig farm it's on the complete other side of town you can see it seems like
there's a crack in this wall that's not big enough for people or whatever but
like big enough for a shambling man it's called yeah it's covered in shambling
mound residue it's a it's a crack in in the wall like the wall of the town the
outer town wall so yeah you're kind of still in the perimeter of town in this
muddy I just gotta go around to the front to open the door okay we don't
follow you through the shambling home you can't fit you can't fit okay I got
to unlock the door okay I for some reason trust the shambling mound this
point how long you're gonna be gone shambles excuse me well I already slowed
it down how long do you think you're gonna be down I just gotta go to the
front and unlock the door okay we'll wait right here okay I just went with
an ETA E.T. what it's just go ahead do your thing I it's I'll it's it'll take
two seconds okay great that's all right we'll see you there okay we'll wait we'll
wait right here okay all right I'll be right back all right
should we should we guys uh hungry no no no okay all right all right
should we ditch him no no he's the turtle in finding Nemo we need him
we're basically being whisked by him across platholes all right I'm not
looking into the mouth is it a plathole hey oh wow come on in oh okay oh
he really didn't go around yeah all right come on we follow shambling what's
your what's your name shambling man shambling shambling yeah when you come
in put some dirt on the floor from your feet okay I have a I have a plate of
dirt in front of the door we should put extra shoes on like those dirty shoes
by the door that we should put on yeah over our regular shoes come on in thank
you so what was your name again Sam bling all right I heard Spencer pitch
Garry Shandling Garry Shandling did pitch that yeah and no one heard it and I
just wanted to kind of an inside joke we like you we like your stuff can we
call you Garry Shandling sure okay I like Gary all right so we cross into Gary
shambling's world it's not a world so much as like wreckage that like forms a
kind of a blind to the rest of the city it's just like a pile of in front of this
wall well then we're dragging shrove through right through yeah is it a safe
place for us to interrogate shrove it's time why don't we why don't we cross
this threshold it's nice doesn't mean the same thing in this show I mean it
surely it always means we should be very sad and remember everything yeah it's a
real downer yeah all right so we crossed through we crossed through the
wreckage thank you we crossed through the wreckage of that last 10 seconds 10
seconds he gets it yeah what's up we go are we through the that's already
happened okay all right okay so where what are we looking at now I examine my
surroundings you're in a pig farm such that you're being blocked by the narrow
wreckage of a piece of wall that's near that crack I mentioned in that wall I
want shrove a tethered like like I want him I want his pockets I want him
stripped and tied thank you ladies I okay I just want to say I think I think
shrove is an innocent bystander look I got the magnifying glass I'm the
detective here and I think that this guy we he just got we just we're
confusing him for someone in his theater troupe who left behind that caught
that that that wardrobe well let's have a big conversation about that when he's
tied up and naked because the last time we second-guessed ourselves he stabbed
me yeah but wouldn't you stab someone if you were interrupted yeah and I stab me
again unless I was stripped and naked and tied like I want that's why I want
okay okay pretending we're the good guys I'm all right I use my damage control
mode I take my chains and I chain up shrove all right and also just like
everything no because we don't want to pulling out anything all right it's
specter gadget shit just I just want to make fine Chad you up we have me strip
show it's a different holding him and he punches Dan twice what the fuck I have
like one to hit point like in the kidneys of the ribs you haven't cast
Shalely you got a cast then with my quarter-staff I just nail them all
right damn it I really thought we were doing the right thing you miss how do I
miss with a stick or a guy that's being held he's being held but he's not like
his feet aren't planted it's like it's like a grapple it's like whiffing in
t-ball right it's like whiffing in t-ball tie him up all right I'm tying him
up and strip him and first stripping him this doesn't feel right he punches you to I
could take it he punches you in the mouth for six fuck Jesus Christ he comes in
for another punch but he slips and falls on his face all right would you now's
our chance just strip him naked and tie him up I cast Shalely and just start
beating the fuck out of him before after this stripping before because this
guy's punching everybody don't kill him no I'm not gonna kill him I just want to
I want to beat him in a submission God we're terrible you miss again
okay well you know what I I fear for my life so I am going to cast summon
monster I don't I don't know about this okay it's no well I'm saying that out
loud no we have one minute left in the show so cast that summon that monster
yeah right saw minute wait you know it's not going to attack you guys right it's
just a very tight space it doesn't attack friendly people no it doesn't I'm
just trying to think summon a monster you haven't summoned one hello who wants
some chocolate milk Gary what is going on in my living room we thought you'd
like a half-naked man she Gary please we're you guys are pretty cool
cliffing thank you so much San Francisco you guys are fantastic I Trump
from my truck download that shit and learn how to play the trumpet
let's see if Steve's leaving
let's have her head there managing everything backstage making everything
cool tiggy on sound making everything sound fantastic
I don't feel so good let's hear from Rob Schrab everybody
let's hear from everybody who marched yesterday and everyone who's gonna march
today and tomorrow and everyone from now on
let's give it up for our Game Master Spencer Crittenden
Kris Boruff of our producer making everything possible I'm your
Comptroller Jeff Davis your mayor is Dan Harmon thank you guys so much very
flattering very loving really really I'm grateful for you guys treating us this
well thank you let's go back to Rob Tanchum's music
hey Chicky got you got music to play that with put a beat on before you get beat on
did you get any of that